C#: Include arguments to `ILogger` extension method calls in `LogMessageSink` (#13183)
github/codeql: csharp/ql/lib/change-notes/2023-05-16-ilogger-extension-methods.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Arguments in calls to `ILogger` extension methods have been added to `LogMessageSink`, used by the queries `cs/log-forging`, `cs/cleartext-storage`, and `cs/exposure-of-sensitive-information`.

Reviewer: Should we avoid the implementation detail about `LogMessageSink` here and instead say something like the following?
```suggestion
* The `cs/log-forging`, `cs/cleartext-storage`, and `cs/exposure-of-sensitive-information` queries now correctly handle unsanitized arguments to `ILogger` extension methods.
```

Author: Good idea (I simply copied the text over from a previous change note).
